document_id: doc_8cc670354934ba18
source_type: official_reference
source_name: Crawlbase Fandom
source_url: https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Furina
language: zh
character: 芙宁娜
work: 原神
category: character-information
collected_at: 2026-05-05T03:31:32Z
query: 芙宁娜 审判 创伤 性格分析 那维莱特 审判 枫丹 性格分析 校园现代 fandom

# Furina | Genshin Impact Wiki | Fandom

Furina ‍ English Introduced as the flamboyant and overconfident Hydro Archon , Furina's theatrics are eventually revealed to be a public persona, which she later discards in favor of living a relatively humbler life as an actress and artistic consultant. Contents Ascension Phase Level Base HP ‍Base ATK ‍ ‍ Charged Attack Consumes a certain amount of Stamina to unleash a solo dance, dealing Physical DMG to nearby opponents and changing her Arkhe alignment. If Salon Members or Singer of Many Waters summoned by her Elemental Skill " Salon Solitaire " are present, their lineup will switch in response. Arkhe: Seats Sacred and Secular At intervals, when Furina's Normal Attacks hit, a Spiritbreath Thorn or a Surging Blade will descend based on her current alignment, dealing Hydro DMG based on her current alignment. When Furina takes the field, her starting Arkhe will be Ousia . Plunging Attack Plunges from mid-air to strike the ground below, damaging opponents along the path and dealing AoE DMG upon impact. Unlike all other Sword users, Furina's Charged Attack is not preceded by a Normal Attack. The cooldowns for Spiritbreath Thorn and Surging Blade are separate. Furina has special visual and audio effects when performing a Plunging Attack into or onto water without transitioning into swimming , such as when her Elemental Skill is active or when plunging into shallow water. The visual effect appears even if her Elemental Skill is not active. The audio effect only plays when performing a High Plunge. Constellation Effects Constellation Level 6, "Hear Me — Let Us Raise the Chalice of Love!" : "When using Salon Solitaire , Furina gains 'Center of Attention' for 10s. Throughout the duration, Furina's Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks, and Plunging Attacks are converted into Hydro DMG which cannot be overridden by any other elemental infusion. DMG is also increased by an amount equivalent to 18% of Furina's max HP . Throughout the duration, Furina's Normal Attacks (not including Arkhe: Seats Sacred and Secular Attacks), Charged Attacks, and the impact of Plunging Attacks will cause different effects up to every 0.1s after hitting opponents depending on her current Arkhe alignment: Arkhe: Ousia Every 1s, all nearby characters in the party will be healed by 4% of Furina's max HP, for a duration of 2.9s. Triggering this effect again will extend its duration. Arkhe: Pneuma This Normal Attack (not including Arkhe: Seats Sacred and Secular Attacks), Charged Attack, or Plunging Attack ground impact DMG will be further increased by an amount equivalent to 25% of Furina's max HP. When any of the attacks mentioned previously hit an opponent, all nearby characters in the party will consume 1% of their current HP. During the duration of each instance of 'Center of Attention,' the above effects can be triggered up to 6 times. 'Center of Attention' will end when its effects have triggered 6 times or when the duration expires." ‍ ‍Type ‍ 6s/6s Plunging Attack (Ousia) Preview Invites the guests of the Salon Solitaire to come forth and aid in Furina's performance. Will summon either the Salon Members or the Singer of Many Waters based on Furina's current Arkhe alignment. Ousia Foaming bubbles like celebrants shall dance, dealing AoE Hydro DMG based on Furina's Max HP and summoning 3 Salon Members: the Ball Octopus-shaped Gentilhomme Usher, the Bubbly Seahorse-shaped Surintendante Chevalmarin, and the Armored Crab-shaped Mademoiselle Crabaletta. They will attack nearby opponents at intervals, prioritizing the target of the active character, dealing Hydro DMG based on Max HP. When they attack, if character(s) with more than 50% HP are nearby, the Members will increase their current attack's power based on the number of such characters, and consume said characters' HP. If the characters who meet these requirements are 1/2/3/4 (or more), the Members' attacks will deal 110%/120%/130%/140% of their original DMG. Pneuma Summons the Singer of Many Waters, who will heal nearby active character(s) based on Max HP at intervals. The Salon Members and Singer of Many Waters share a duration, and when Furina uses her Charged Attack to change the guest type, the new guests will inherit the initial duration. While the Salon Members and the Singer of Many Waters are on the field, Furina can move on the water 's surface. When a Salon Member's attack hits at least one enemy , it generates 1 Elemental Particle . This particle generation has a cooldown of 2.5 seconds. In Co-Op Mode , only one instance of Furina's Elemental Skill can exist at a time. The last player to use this skill will replace the already existing instance. Overriding another player's Elemental Skill will also remove their ability to walk on water. Only the last player to use this skill can change which version of the skill is active via Furina's Arkhe alignment. The Singer of Many Waters will heal nearby active characters every 2s. Salon Members drain HP when they attack, not when they hit a target. The HP drain will still occur even if the attack misses. Salon Members will attack non-enemy targetable objects like campfires and Pneumousia Relays . Salon Members have the same AI mechanics as enemies. See Cooldown#Enemy Cooldowns for more information on how their cooldowns function. Salon Member AI Logic Gentilhomme Usher Will attack if target is within 6m, with 2.9s CD. Will teleport near target if out of range, with 1.5s CD. Surintendante Chevalmarin Will attack if target is within 9.5m, with 1.19s CD. Will teleport near target if out of range, with 1.5s CD. Has 0.5s global CD for both teleporting and attacking. Mademoiselle Crabaletta Will attack if target is within 20m, with 4.8s CD. Will teleport near target if out of range, with 1.5s CD. Pneuma Icon Passive Effects Passive Talent 2, Unheard Confession : "Every 1,000 points of Furina's Max HP can buff the different Arkhe-aligned Salon Solitaire in the following ways: Will increase Salon Member DMG dealt by 0.7%, up to a maximum of 28%. Will decrease active character healing interval of the Singer of Many Waters by 0.4%, up to a maximum of 16%." Constellation Effects Constellation Level 4, "They Know Not Life, Who Dwelt in the Netherworld Not!" : "When the Salon Members from Salon Solitaire hit an opponent, or the Singer of Many Waters restores HP to nearby active characters, Furina will restore 4 Energy . This effect can be triggered once every 5s." Constellation Level 5, Constellation Level 6, "Hear Me — Let Us Raise the Chalice of Love!" : During the first 10 seconds after using Salon Solitaire, Furina's first six Normal, Charged, or Plunging Attacks are converted into Hydro DMG, have their damage increased based on Furina's Max HP, and grant different effects based on Furina's Arkhe alignment when each attack is started. If Furina is aligned with Ousia, all nearby characters are briefly healed over time. If Furina is aligned with Pneuma, all nearby characters lose 1% of their current HP and the attack's damage receives another increase based on Furina's Max HP. ‍ ‍Type ‍ 7.86 8.45 9.04 9.83 10.42 11.01 11.8 12.58 13.37 14.16 14.94 15.73 16.71 17.7 Duration 30s 5.96 6.41 6.85 7.45 7.9 8.34 8.94 9.54 10.13 10.73 11.32 11.92 12.67 13.41 3.23 3.47 3.72 4.04 4.28 4.52 4.85 5.17 5.49 5.82 6.14 6.46 6.87 7.27 8.29 8.91 9.53 10.36 10.98 11.6 12.43 13.26 14.09 14.92 15.75 16.58 17.61 18.65 2.4 1.6 3.6 4.8% Max HP Preview Rouses the impulse to revel, creating a stage of foam that will deal AoE Hydro DMG based on Furina's Max HP and cause nearby party members to enter the Universal Revelry state: During this time, when nearby party members' HP increases or decreases, 1 Fanfare point will be granted to Furina for each percentage point of their Max HP by which their HP changes. At the same time, Furina will increase the DMG dealt by and Incoming Healing Bonus of all nearby party members based on the amount of Fanfare she has. When the duration ends, Furina's Fanfare points will be cleared. An indicator will appear on screen upon reaching 25%, 50%, 75%, and 100% of the maximum Fanfare points. At 25%, 50%, and 75%, the indicator is a crowd that pops up from the bottom of the screen. At 100%, the indicator is a screen flash. If an HP drain effect is negated by Invincibility Frames during Elemental Bursts or Mirror Reflection of Doom 's hold mode, Fanfare Stacks will not increase due to said effect. When recasting while Universal Revelry is still in effect, the Fanfare stacks will reset before the Skill DMG hits. [8] Reviving a fallen party member will count as HP change and grant Fanfare stacks. [8] Constellation Effects Constellation Level 1, Constellation Level 2, "A Woman Adapts Like Duckweed in Water" : "While Let the People Rejoice lasts, Furina's Fanfare gain from increases or decreases in nearby characters' HP is increased by 250%. Each point of Fanfare above the limit will increase Furina's Max HP by 0.35%. Her maximum Max HP increase is 140%." Constellation Level 3, ‍ ‍Type ‍ 0.07 0.09 0.11 0.13 0.15 0.17 0.19 0.21 0.23 0.25 0.27 0.29 0.31 0.01 0.02 0.03 0.04 0.05 0.06 0.07 0.08 0.09 0.1 0.11 0.12 0.13 CD 15s Gameplay Notes When the active character in your party receives healing , if the source of the healing is not Furina herself and the healing overflows, then Furina will heal nearby party members for 2% of their Max HP once every 2s within the next 4s. Healing from another player's Furina in Co-Op Mode counts as a source that is "not Furina herself." This applies for the healing from both her Elemental Skill and this Ascension Passive. Gameplay Notes Every 1,000 points of Furina's Max HP can buff the different Arkhe-aligned Salon Solitaire in the following ways: Will increase Salon Member DMG dealt by 0.7%, up to a maximum of 28%. Will decrease active character healing interval of the Singer of Many Waters by 0.4%, up to a maximum of 16%. Furina must have at least 40,000 Max HP to achieve the maximum buffs. The DMG Bonus and interval decrease from the passive is linear to Furina's Max HP and not stepwise at every 1,000 points of Max HP, meaning the DMG Bonus and interval decrease is equal to 0.07% and 0.04% of her Max HP respectively, until the maximum buff is reached. Talent Upgrade Talent Level Character Description Furina can use her Charged Attack to change her Arkhe , and at intervals, her Normal Attacks deal the corresponding Pneuma- or Ousia-aligned Hydro DMG. When using her Elemental Skill , Furina summons either the Salon Members or the Singer of Many Waters based on her current Arkhe. The former fight alongside the active character, and upon attacking, consume the HP of characters to increase DMG dealt. The latter continuously heals nearby characters. Her Elemental Burst causes the whole party to enter the Universal Revelry state. In this state, Furina gains Fanfare when characters' HP increases or decreases, increasing the DMG dealt and Incoming Healing Bonus of all nearby party members. Quick Jump Links ➤ Additionally, Furina's Fanfare limit is increased by 100. 2 While Let the People Rejoice lasts, Furina's Fanfare gain from increases or decreases in nearby characters' HP is increased by 250%. Each point of Fanfare above the limit will increase Furina's Max HP by 0.35%. Her maximum Max HP increase is 140%. Maximum upgrade level is 15. Gameplay Notes When the Salon Members from Salon Solitaire hit an opponent, or the Singer of Many Waters restores HP to nearby active characters, Furina will restore 4 Energy . This effect can be triggered once every 5s. When using the Singer of Many Waters, the Energy restoration effect will still trigger even if all nearby active characters are at full HP and no HP is restored. Maximum upgrade level is 15. When using Salon Solitaire , Furina gains "Center of Attention" for 10s. Throughout the duration, Furina's Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks, and Plunging Attacks are converted into Hydro DMG which cannot be overridden by any other elemental infusion. DMG is also increased by an amount equivalent to 18% of Furina's max HP . Throughout the duration, Furina's Normal Attacks (not including Arkhe: Seats Sacred and Secular Attacks), Charged Attacks, and the impact of Plunging Attacks will cause different effects up to every 0.1s after hitting opponents depending on her current Arkhe alignment: Arkhe: Ousia Every 1s, all nearby characters in the party will be healed by 4% of Furina's max HP, for a duration of 2.9s. Triggering this effect again will extend its duration. Arkhe: Pneuma This Normal Attack (not including Arkhe: Seats Sacred and Secular Attacks), Charged Attack, or Plunging Attack ground impact DMG will be further increased by an amount equivalent to 25% of Furina's max HP. When any of the attacks mentioned previously hit an opponent, all nearby characters in the party will consume 1% of their current HP. During the duration of each instance of "Center of Attention," the above effects can be triggered up to 6 times. "Center of Attention" will end when its effects have triggered 6 times or when the duration expires. Hover over previews to view in higher quality. Normal Attack (Ousia) Character Event Wishes Furina has been promoted or featured with a drop-rate boost in 4 Event Wishes : Wish Featured Duration Version Notes ↑ Despite being the public figure who ruled Fontaine as its Hydro Archon and recognized as such by Fontainian law, Furina is not considered an Archon in the traditional sense, as she neither had access to the Hydro Archon's Divine Throne nor possessed the Authority of Hydro, and didn't disappear along with Focalors when the throne was destroyed to return the current Hydro Dragon 's full elemental authority. Other Languages References More Fandoms Join the conversation Sign in to read what others are saying and share your thoughts. Advertisement Recent Images Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Genshin Impact Wiki is a Fandom Games Community. When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect. The information does not usually identify you directly, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to learn more and change our default settings. Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Always Active These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Always Active These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Always Active These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Always Active These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon

## 元数据

- source_type: official_reference
- source_name: Crawlbase Fandom
- source_url: https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Furina
- query: 芙宁娜 审判 创伤 性格分析 那维莱特 审判 枫丹 性格分析 校园现代 fandom
- language: zh
